# TODO — Template Editor (Active Items Only)

Last Updated: 2025-08-13 (Golden State `1b6e5c4`)

2) Undo/Redo support (robust history, keyboard shortcuts)

New items:
1. When duplicating an email by clicking the duplicate email button in the view email campaign pop-up it doesn't actually work and it's quite buggy. First of all it duplicates the campaign and when you send the campaign it tells you that it sent but it doesn't actually send anything in reality. It also shows duplicate recipients as well. So this is definitely faulty and needs to be fixed.
2. When clicking any of the social media icons that are at the bottom of the footer they do not appear in any of the analytics. Anything that is clickable on the email even things like the social media icons which are hardcoded need to display in our analytics.
3. When I'm inside the text box in the template editor I'm able to double click and position my mouse cursor to start typing. If I try to create a paragraph by clicking into it doesn't allow me to do so. It also seems a little boggy and stubborn. If I do try to hit enter and then try to type again it doesn't allow me to. The text editor itself needs to be looked at and fixed.
4. There is still the ongoing issues of needing to refresh the browser in order to see the analytics in the email dashboard. As I've mentioned in the past you sent the email you get the pop-up telling you that it's been sent to the recipient you open the email in the email client when you come back it shows to send now option instead of the sent status. Once I refresh the browser you get to see the analytics show up. This has been an ongoing problem and something that has been tried to be fixed by a number of different agents and they have all failed to date.
5. When resizing a heading box by grabbing a corner the text also resizes at the same time. This is ok when grabbing the box from the corners but it shouldn't be happening when adjusting the centers from top, bottom, left or right. If I adjust it from the left or right it should just increase the size of the box and the same goes for the top and the bottom should just adjust the size of the box and not the text. 